samples: bluetooth: add channel sounding IPT initiator and reflector (#28295)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/ipt_reflector/README.rst

.. _channel_sounding_ipt_reflector:

Bluetooth: Channel Sounding Reflector with Inline PCT Transfer
##############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This sample demonstrates how to use the Bluetooth® Channel Sounding Inline Phase Correction Term Transfer (CS IPT) feature as a CS reflector, to achieve fast and efficient distance estimation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use the Bluetooth® Channel Sounding (CS) Inline Phase Correction Term Transfer (IPT) feature as a CS reflector, to achieve fast and efficient distance estimation.
```

> See :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` for a description of how CS IPT works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
See the suggestion below

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

The sample also requires a device running the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample.

Overview
********

The sample acts as a Bluetooth® Low Energy Peripheral and Channel Sounding reflector.
After startup, it performs the following steps:

1. Starts connectable advertising using its name (``Nordic CS IPT Reflector``), which the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample scans for.

> #. Waits for a central to connect.

Reviewer 2: should this be 2. ? Or is there some "autofill" here?

Author: Yes some kind of autofill I believe, this pattern is used widely in sdk-nrf docs

#. Configures the CS default settings to enable the reflector role.

> #. Lets the connected initiator drive the rest of the CS setup (CS capability exchange, CS configuration with CS IPT enabled, link encryption and CS security) and logs the corresponding completion events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. The connected CS initiator then performs the rest of the CS setup (CS capability exchange, CS configuration with CS IPT enabled, link encryption and CS security) while the reflector logs the corresponding completion events.
```

Something like this? I just think it's weird to say that it "lets" the initiator do anything, the reflector is just not doing anything, because the central is doing it.

> #. Participates in the continuous CS procedures started by the initiator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Participates in the continuous CS procedures started by the CS initiator.
```

The sample does not expose any ranging data to the initiator over GATT.
Instead, its contribution to the measurement is encoded directly in the phase of the tones it transmits as a CS reflector using the CS IPT feature during the CS procedures.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

How CS IPT works
================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst‎
   :start-after: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_start
   :end-before: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_end

Benefits of CS IPT
==================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst‎
   :start-after: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_start
   :end-before: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_end

Drawbacks of CS IPT
===================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst‎
   :start-after: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_start
   :end-before: .. _channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_end

```

Please check if this builds and renders correctly.

> The reflector does not expose any ranging data to the initiator over GATT; its contribution to the measurement is encoded directly in the tones it transmits during the CS procedures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reflector does not expose any ranging data to the initiator over GATT.
Instead, its contribution to the measurement is encoded directly in the tones it transmits during the CS procedures as part of CS IPT.
```
I think we should stress that IPT enables us to not use GATT

.. _channel_sounding_ipt_reflector:

Bluetooth: Channel Sounding Reflector with Inline PCT Transfer
##############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample demonstrates how to use the Bluetooth® Channel Sounding (CS) Inline Phase Correction Term Transfer (IPT) feature as a CS reflector, to achieve fast and efficient distance estimation.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

The sample also requires a device running the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample.

Overview
********

> The sample acts as a Bluetooth® Low Energy Peripheral and Channel Sounding reflector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sample acts as a Bluetooth Low Energy Peripheral and Channel Sounding reflector.
```

After startup, it performs the following steps:

1. Starts connectable advertising using its name (``Nordic CS IPT Reflector``), which the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample scans for.

> #. Waits for a central to connect.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Waits for a central device to connect.
```

#. Configures the CS default settings to enable the reflector role.

> #. The connected central device performs the rest of the CS setup. The central device is responsible for enabling CS IPT in the CS configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. The connected central device performs the rest of the CS setup.
   The central device is responsible for enabling CS IPT in the CS configuration.
```

#. Participates in the continuous CS procedures started by the central device.

The sample does not expose any ranging data to the initiator over GATT.
Instead, its contribution to the measurement is encoded directly in the phase of the tones it transmits as a CS reflector using the CS IPT feature during the CS procedures.

How CS IPT works
================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst
   :start-after: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_works_start
   :end-before: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_works_end

Benefits of CS IPT
==================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst

>    :start-after: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_start

Reviewer 3: Should this be .. channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_benefits_start?
```suggestion
   :start-after: .. channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_benefits_start
```

>    :end-before: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_end

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :end-before: .. channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_benefits_end
```

Drawbacks of CS IPT
===================

.. include:: ../ipt_initiator/README.rst
   :start-after: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_start
   :end-before: channel_sounding_ipt_initiator_cs_ipt_drawbacks_end

User interface
**************

The sample does not require user input.
The first LED on the development kit will be lit when a connection has been established.

Building and running
********************

> .. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/ipt_reflector`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/ipt_reflector`
```

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, test it together with a device programmed with the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample.

1. |connect_terminal_specific|
#. Reset both kits.
#. The reflector starts advertising and the initiator scans for ``Nordic CS IPT Reflector``.

>    Once the initiator connects, check for information similar to the following in the reflector terminal::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Once the initiator connects, check the reflector terminal for information similar to the following::
```
